# Game (Tic Tac Toe) (X & O)
The game (Tic Tac Toe (X & O)) is designed to allow the user to play a simple but very adventurous and interesting game with a friend (opponent) that is presented with a very different design and functionality. First of all, when opening the application, you need to log in, as a result of which the user will find himself on his profile. Here he and his opponent can choose (X&O) or which one to play with and enter the names in the appropriate field. Here, after May, the game begins with the following conditions: If any player can fill in the winning line (if the user is unfamiliar with the rules of the game, he can see the WINS fragment in which the winning moves are clearly illustrated). Will not collect 3 points, after that the game will stop and an inscription will appear which game won. You need to use the RESET button to restart the game. It is also interesting to note that during the game, users are not confused as to which move they have an entry where X and O are alternately displayed (the main user can also change and reset the password).

Used in the application: single activity architecture. Modified - Design App Icon. Connected - Firebase Authentication, with the help of which the user can log in, register, as well as change the password and reset it in case of forgetting the password. Also used is the Navigation Component_ which allows the fragments to "interact with each other" and the Recycler view so that the user can see the winnings in the form of photos.
